https://github.com/carpentries/instructor-training-bonus-modules --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/datacarpentry/sql-ecology-lesson --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/datacarpentry/shell-genomics --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/datacarpentry/wrangling-genomics --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/datacarpentry/organization-genomics --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/datacarpentry/OpenRefine-ecology-lesson --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/datacarpentry/spreadsheets-socialsci --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/datacarpentry/sql-socialsci --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/datacarpentry/cloud-genomics --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/datacarpentry/stata-economics --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/datacarpentry/shell-economics --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/swcarpentry/sql-novice-survey --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/swcarpentry/hg-novice --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/swcarpentry/make-novice --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/swcarpentry/git-novice-es --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/swcarpentry/shell-novice-es --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/lc-shell --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/lc-webscraping --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/lc-data-intro --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/lc-git --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/lc-python-intro --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/lc-spreadsheets --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/lc-data-intro-archives --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/23-rd-things --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/lc-dig-pres --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/lc-wikidata --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/LibraryCarpentry/lc-marcedit --- No workflow directory
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/capstone-novice-spreadsheet-biblio --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/shell-extras --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/gap-lesson --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/python-testing --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/sage-lesson --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/python-humanities-lesson --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/spreadsheet-humanities-lesson --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/sql-humanities-lesson --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/OpenRefine-humanities-lesson --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/python-business --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/ml4bio-workshop --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/python-packaging-publishing --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/git-Rstudio-course --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/IoT_arduino_nano --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/statistical-inference-for-biology --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/jupyter_maps --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/SDC-BIDS-EEG-EEGLAB --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/SDC-EEGLAB --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/introduction-to-conda-for-data-scientists --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/geospatial-python --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/docker-introduction --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/Data-Science-for-Docs --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/jupyter-notebooks-intro --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/workflows-snakemake --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/open-science-with-r --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/life-sciences-workshop --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/lc-litsearchr --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/tei-xml --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/r-survival-analysis --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/lesson-parallel-python --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/pymarc_basics --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/gpu-speedups --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/eukref_pr2 --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/r-for-artists --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/metagenomics --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/data-harvesting-for-agriculture --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/sql-business --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/lesson-gpu-programming --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/java-intro --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/metagenomics-workshop --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/ide-novice-spyder --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/shell-metagenomics --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/organization-metagenomics --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/Reproducible-Publications-with-RStudio --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/hpc-workflows --- No workflow directory    
https://github.com/carpentries-lab/python-aos-lesson --- No workflow directory
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/hpc-intro --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/singularity-introduction --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/julia-novice --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/python-text-analysis --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/microbial-amplicon-analysis --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/statistics-r-public-health --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/r-object-comparison-waldo --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/statistical-thinking-public-health --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/linear-mixed-models-public-health --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/workflows-nextflow --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/blogging-with-hugo-and-github-pages --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/gitlab-novice --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.    
https://github.com/carpentries-incubator/R-archaeology-lesson --- No workflow files generated by The Carpentries.
